Merge feast-snowflake plugin into main repo with documentation (#2193)
feast-dev/feast: docs/tutorials/driver-stats-using-snowflake.md

```

#### Get a Snowflake Trial Account (Optional)

[Snowflake Trial Account](trial.snowflake.com)

#### Create a feature repository

```shell
feast init -t snowflake {feature_repo_name}
cd {feature_repo_name}
```

#### Inspect `feature_store.yaml`

Here you will see the information that you entered. This template will look to use
Snowflake as both an Offline & Online store. The main thing to remember is by default,
Snowflake Objects have ALL CAPS names unless lower case was specified.

{% code title="feature_store.yaml" %}
```yaml
project: ...
registry: ...
provider: local
offline_store:
    type: snowflake.offline
    account: SNOWFLAKE_DEPLOYMENT_URL #drop .snowflakecomputing.com
    user: USERNAME
    password: PASSWORD
    role: ROLE_NAME #remember cap sensitive
    warehouse: WAREHOUSE_NAME #remember cap sensitive
    database: DATABASE_NAME #remember cap sensitive
online_store:
  type: snowflake.online
  account: SNOWFLAKE_DEPLOYMENT_URL #drop .snowflakecomputing.com
  user: USERNAME
  password: PASSWORD
  role: ROLE_NAME #remember cap sensitive
  warehouse: WAREHOUSE_NAME #remember cap sensitive
  database: DATABASE_NAME #remember cap sensitive
```
{% endcode %}

> #### Run our test python script `test.py`

Author: Complete

```shell
python test.py
```

## What we did in `test.py`

#### Initialize our Feature Store
{% code title="test.py" %}
```python
from datetime import datetime, timedelta

import pandas as pd
from driver_repo import driver, driver_stats_fv

from feast import FeatureStore

fs = FeatureStore(repo_path=".")

fs.apply([driver, driver_stats_fv])
```
{% endcode %}

#### Create a dummy training dataframe, then call our Offline store to add additional columns
{% code title="test.py" %}
```python
entity_df = pd.DataFrame(
    {
        "event_timestamp": [
            pd.Timestamp(dt, unit="ms", tz="UTC").round("ms")
            for dt in pd.date_range(
                start=datetime.now() - timedelta(days=3),
                end=datetime.now(),
                periods=3,
            )
        ],
        "driver_id": [1001, 1002, 1003],
    }
)

features = ["driver_hourly_stats:conv_rate", "driver_hourly_stats:acc_rate"]

training_df = fs.get_historical_features(
    features=features, entity_df=entity_df
).to_df()
```
{% endcode %}

> #### Materialize the latest feature values into our Online store

Author: That is not true. I removed anything related to providers. The snowflake offline and online store should be able to standup on their own.

---
description: >-

>   Initial demonstration of using Snowflake with Feast as both and Offline & Online store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Initial demonstration of using Snowflake with Feast as an offline store
```

>   using the snowflake demo template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  using the Snowflake demo template.
```

---

# Drivers Stats using Snowflake

> In the following steps below, we will setup a sample feast project that leverages Snowflake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following steps below, we will setup a sample Feast project that leverages Snowflake
```

> as an Offline Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as an offline store.
```

From there, we will show you code snippets that will call to the offline store for generating
training datasets, and then the code for calling the online store to serve you the
latest feature values to serve models in production.

## Snowflake Offline/Online Store Example

#### Install feast-snowflake

```shell
pip install feast[snowflake]
```

#### Get a Snowflake Trial Account (Optional)

[Snowflake Trial Account](trial.snowflake.com)

#### Create a feature repository

```shell
feast init -t snowflake {feature_repo_name}
Snowflake Deployment URL (exclude .snowflakecomputing.com):
Snowflake User Name::
Snowflake Password::
Snowflake Role Name (Case Sensitive)::
Snowflake Warehouse Name (Case Sensitive)::
Snowflake Database Name (Case Sensitive)::
Should I upload example data to Snowflake (overwrite table)? [Y/n]: Y
cd {feature_repo_name}
```

The following files will automatically be created in your project folder:

* feature_store.yaml -- This is your main configuration file
* driver_repo.py -- This is your main feature definition file
* test.py -- This is a file to test your feature store configuration

> * registry.db -- (Inactive) This file contains the metadata related to your feature store operations

Reviewer: what is this "inactive" stuff? maybe remove since it's confusing?

* data/ -- (Inactive) This folder contains the sample data that we will use

#### Inspect `feature_store.yaml`

Here you will see the information that you entered. This template will look to use

> Snowflake as both an Offline & Online store. The main thing to remember is by default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowflake as an offline store. The main thing to remember is by default,
```

> Snowflake Objects have ALL CAPS names unless lower case was specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowflake objects have ALL CAPS names unless lower case was specified.
```

{% code title="feature_store.yaml" %}
```yaml
project: ...
registry: ...
provider: local
offline_store:
    type: snowflake.offline
    account: SNOWFLAKE_DEPLOYMENT_URL #drop .snowflakecomputing.com
    user: USERNAME
    password: PASSWORD
    role: ROLE_NAME #case sensitive
    warehouse: WAREHOUSE_NAME #case sensitive
    database: DATABASE_NAME #case cap sensitive
```
{% endcode %}

#### Run our test python script `test.py`

```shell
python test.py
```

## What we did in `test.py`

> #### Initialize our Feature Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Initialize our feature store
```

{% code title="test.py" %}
```python
from datetime import datetime, timedelta

import pandas as pd
from driver_repo import driver, driver_stats_fv

from feast import FeatureStore

fs = FeatureStore(repo_path=".")

fs.apply([driver, driver_stats_fv])
```
{% endcode %}

> #### Create a dummy training dataframe, then call our Offline store to add additional columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a dummy training dataframe, then call our offline store to add additional columns
```
